id: 26
name: holadddd
first_characteristic: hola
second_characteristic: hola
third_characteristic: hola
id_curse: 1
*
id: 3
name: sc
first_characteristic: sdc
second_characteristic: sdc
third_characteristic: sd
id_curse: 1
*
id: 36
name: holadddd
first_characteristic: hola
second_characteristic: hola
third_characteristic: hola
id_curse: 1
*
id: 12
name: cscd
first_characteristic: sdcds
second_characteristic: sdcs
third_characteristic: sdc
id_curse: 1
*
id: 23
name: hola
first_characteristic: hola
second_characteristic: hola
third_characteristic: hola
id_curse: 1
*
id: 34
name: hola
first_characteristic: hola
second_characteristic: hola
third_characteristic: hola
id_curse: 1
*
id: 56
name: david
first_characteristic: hola
second_characteristic: hola
third_characteristic: hola
id_curse: 1
*
id: 12121212121212
name: wqdwaqdwd
first_characteristic: qwdwqd
second_characteristic: wqdwqd
third_characteristic: wqdwqd
id_curse: 1
*
id: 131212
name: qweqwe
first_characteristic: holaquetal
second_characteristic: sad
third_characteristic: sad
id_curse: 1
*
id: 231321
name: dsafaf
first_characteristic: sadfdasf
second_characteristic: dsafsa
third_characteristic: dsafsa
id_curse: 1
*
