id: 26
name: holadddd
first_characteristic: hola
second_characteristic: hola
third_characteristic: hola
*
id: 3
name: sc
first_characteristic: sdc
second_characteristic: sdc
third_characteristic: sd
*
id: 36
name: holadddd
first_characteristic: hola
second_characteristic: hola
third_characteristic: hola
*
id: 12
name: cscd
first_characteristic: sdcds
second_characteristic: sdcs
third_characteristic: sdc
*
id: 23
name: hola
first_characteristic: hola
second_characteristic: hola
third_characteristic: hola
*
id: 34
name: hola
first_characteristic: hola
second_characteristic: hola
third_characteristic: hola
*
id: 56
name: david
first_characteristic: hola
second_characteristic: hola
third_characteristic: hola
*
